{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14580\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here\'92s a zip with a selection of 64 Quartz Compositions that I made between 2008 and 2014. I\'92ve gone through my entire library and these are the ones I\'92m not totally ashamed of. I hope that someone will give them a good home and get as much joy out of them as I did. \
\

\b Obligatory disclaimer:
\b0 \
Some of these patches have correctly published inputs for use with the usual VJ apps. Some don\'92t or will need some work. Some might need plugins. Some might have comments. Almost all of them have needlessly complex noodling. Some might burn your GPU. Some might burn your retinas. I take no responsibility. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Any events of patches that work out of the box, living or dead, are purely coincidental.\
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b Feel free to share:
\b0 \
To all experimenters and fellow travellers on this visual journey: Remix, rework and re-noodle to your hearts\'92 desire. Take as you please and share as you like. This is my gift to you because you are beautiful and this world is yours.\
\

\b But don\'92t steal my shit:
\b0 \
To all biters that will claim this as something you made yourself: Enjoy your fifteen seconds of Facebook fame. Maybe you\'92ll finally get a girlfriend out of it.}